Different plugin groups to support different use cases (diverse-defaults for short) (#48)
bevyengine/rfcs: rfcs/48-diverse-defaults.md

- `SimulationPlugins`: Plugins that make writing scientific simulations easier like enhanced determinism and ordering guarantees.

## Implementation strategy

Each of the above outlined `Plugins` may have some combination of the following divergent platform configuration needs:

- desktop
 - native
 - web
- tablet
 - ios native
 - android native
 - web
- phone
 - ios native
 - android native
 - web

This feature also touches on not-yet-implemented but planned bevy features that will have different implementations per use case.

For example, using making low-power consumption web and mobile applications,  desktop productivity apps and high performance games will all have very different scheduling needs.

2D vs 3D will have different built-in bevy selection methods/mechanisms and different cameras.

Building for touch vs mouse vs gamepad or other midi/advanced input controllers different use cases with very different requirements.

## Drawbacks

The primary drawback I can see is the need for Bevy to maintain the multiple `PluginGroups`, however, I foresee the maintenance burden of this to be exceedingly minimal.

> ## Rationale and alternatives

Reviewer: I think you should discuss the pros and cons of plugin groups vs. feature groups in this section.

Author: How would you define `FeatureGroups`?

Reviewer: Rust features can enable other features, allowing users to toggle them on and off as needed. We can also 

See: https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/features.html for a basic introduction.
https://docs.rs/cfg_feature_groups/latest/cfg_feature_groups/ or the like may be helpful to improve ergonomics.

# Feature Name: Different plugin groups to support different use cases (diverse-defaults for short)

## Summary

> There are many different categories of bevy applications. Each use case has a sufficiently different commonsense default configuration to warrant different use case specific default plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many different categories of Bevy applications. Each use case has distinct needs, and so we should provide a collection of `PluginGroups` to give our users good defaults.
```

## Motivation

> Bevy would be doing this to support easier and faster 'getting started' user story for non-minimal bevy applications. It will be particularly helpful to beginners but would also be a nice ergonomics/UX win for experienced bevy devs to not have to configure every minute detail manually when setting up a new project that is in one of the above outlined application domains.

Reviewer: This needs a bit of clarity pass.

Author: Done!

## User-facing explanation

> Where there used to just be `DefaultPlugins` and `MiniminalPlugins` there will now be many different `DefaultPlugins` a user can choose from that exist for many common categories of bevy applications.

Reviewer: IMO this whole line can just be cut. This section should be "new docs", not "migration guide" :)

Author: Done!

> Bevy now provides you a number of convenient `PluginGroups` to help you get your application started with sensible defaults for your use case. The current list is:

Reviewer: I would really like "turn-based game" as an plugin group starter.

Reviewer 2: How would that differ from a regular 2d starter? I think there's a risk of overscoping and complicating this.

Author: I second @speakk's sentiment and question.

Reviewer: Yeah, I'm totally wrong here.

- `MinimalPlugins`: The very basic internal structure required to ensure things like `Time` function properly.
- `GamePlugins`: Suitable for making both 2D and 3D real-time games with input handling, audio and rendering (note: previously `DefaultPlugins`).
- `2dGamePlugins`: Like `GamePlugins`, but limited to the systems and resources needed in a 2D game.

> - `TuiPlugins`: Suitable for making TUI applications.

Reviewer: This needs a note in implementation details on what we should include to get this working.

Author: What exactly would we need to include to get this working? I don't understand the details of the bevy `DefaultPlugins` code I guess.

Author: Also would probably prefer to just migrate my initial proposal to the one @mockersf suggested which I think addresses the problem area even better! :)

Reviewer: The bigger problem is "I don't know how to make a terminal game in Bevy 0.6" at all. There were a few ecosystem crates, but they're no longer up to date.

> - `ApplicationPlugins`: Suitable for making CAD applicaions or something like excel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ApplicationPlugins`: Suitable for making relatively static non-game applications.
```

- `SimulationPlugins`: Plugins that make writing scientific simulations easier like enhanced determinism and ordering guarantees.

> ## Implementation strategy

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful hear to identify "axes of variation"; ways that each of the use cases commonly vary, so we can think about how to structure them.

Author: I very much agree, though I don't know how to flesh this out.

> Each of the above outlined `Plugins` may have some combination of the following divergent platform configuration needs:

Reviewer: It's not clear how exactly this interacts with the "use case" plugins groups above 🤔 I agree that we want both, but they seem mostly orthogonal.

Author: I think @mockersf proposal enables use to meld the two in a sensible way!

- desktop
 - native
 - web
- tablet
 - ios native
 - android native
 - web
- phone
 - ios native
 - android native
 - web

This feature also touches on not-yet-implemented but planned bevy features that will have different implementations per use case.

> For example work-minimizing scheduling for low-power consumption web and mobile applications, or desktop productivity apps are a very different configuration from high performance gaming and high performance scientific simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, using making low-power consumption web and mobile applications,  desktop productivity apps and high performance games will all have very different scheduling needs.
```

2D vs 3D will have different built-in bevy selection methods/mechanisms and different cameras.

Building for touch vs mouse vs gamepad or other midi/advanced input controllers different use cases with very different requirements.

## Drawbacks

> The primary drawback I can see is the need for bevy to maintain the multiple `DefaultPlugins`, however, I foresee the maintenance burden of this to be exceedingly minimal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary drawback I can see is the need for Bevy to maintain the multiple `PluginGroups`, however, I foresee the maintenance burden of this to be exceedingly minimal.
```

## Motivation

Bevy would benefit from an improved 'getting started' user story for non-minimal bevy applications. This is particularly helpful for beginners, but would also be a nice ergonomics/UX win for experienced bevy devs to not have to configure every minute detail manually when setting up a new project that is in one of the above outlined application domains.

## User-facing explanation

Bevy now provides you a number of convenient `PluginGroups` to help you get your application started with sensible defaults for your use case. The current list is:

- `MinimalPlugins`: The very basic internal structure required to ensure things like `Time` function properly.
- `GamePlugins`: Suitable for making both 2D and 3D real-time games with input handling, audio and rendering (note: previously `DefaultPlugins`).
- `2dGamePlugins`: Like `GamePlugins`, but limited to the systems and resources needed in a 2D game.
- `TuiPlugins`: Suitable for making TUI applications.
- `ApplicationPlugins`: Suitable for making relatively static non-game applications.
- `SimulationPlugins`: Plugins that make writing scientific simulations easier like enhanced determinism and ordering guarantees.

> - `HeadlessServerPlugins`: Like MinimalPlugins but with no rendering or windowing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `HeadlessServerPlugins`: Like `GamePlugins`, but without rendering, input handling, audio or windowing.
```

> - `HeadlessIntegrationTestPlugins`: Suitable for running Bevy's integration tests as rapidly as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `HeadlessIntegrationTestPlugins`: Suitable for running Bevy integration tests as rapidly as possible.
```

> - `RenderTestPlugins`: The minimal plugins necessary for testing the Bevy renderer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `RenderTestPlugins`: The minimal plugins necessary for testing that Bevy is rendering objects as expected.
```
